Generated client using OpenAPI spec tool, Updated package.md and Added tests (#2)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets: README.md

[![Build](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Trivy](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets/actions/workflows/trivy-scan.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets/actions/workflows/trivy-scan.yml)

> [![GraalVM Check](https://gi'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_EMAIL_API_KEY',

Reviewer: This doesn't seem correct. Can you double check?

          'Content-Type': 'application/json',
        },thub.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets/actions/workflows/build-with-bal-test-graalvm.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets/actions/workflows/build-with-bal-test-graalvm.yml)
[![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets/commits/master)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/module/hubspot.crm.object.tickets.svg?label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/labels/module%hubspot.crm.object.tickets)

## Overview

HubSpot is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform. 

> The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.tickets` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets/) endpoints, specifically based on the [Tickets endpoint reference](https://developers.hubspot.com/beta-docs/guides/api/crm/objects/tickets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.tickets` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [HubSpot Tickets API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/guides/api/crm/objects/tickets) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot API v3](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).
```

## Setup guide

To use the `HubSpot CRM Object Tickets` connector, you must have access to the HubSpot API through a HubSpot developer account and an app under it. If you do not have a HubSpot developer account, you can sign up for one [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/get-started).

### Step 1: Create a HubSpot Developer Account

App Developer Accounts, allow you to create developer test accounts to test apps.

> **_These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. Not to be used in production._**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. Not to be used in production.
```

> 1. Go to **Test Account section** from the left sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to "Test Account section" from the left sidebar.
```

>     <img src="docs/setup/resources/test_acc_img1.png" alt="hubspot developer portal" width="70%"/>

Reviewer: Let's use the markdown format for adding images. Please check similar places.
```suggestion
    ![Test accounts](docs/setup/resources/test_acc_img1.png)
```

> 2. Click **Create developer test account**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click "Create developer test account".
```

   <img src="docs/setup/resources/test_acc_img2.png" alt="Hubspot developer testacc" style="width: 70%;">

> 3. In the next dialogue box, give a name to your test account and enter create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the next dialogue box, give a name to your test account and click "Create".
```

   <img src="docs/setup/resources/test_acc_img3.png" alt="Hubspot developer testacc name" style="width: 70%;">

### Step 2: Create a HubSpot App under your account.

> 1. In your developer account, navigate to the **"Apps"** section. Click on **"Create App"**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your developer account, navigate to the "Apps" section. Click on "Create App".
```

   <img src="docs/setup/resources/app_img1.png" alt="Hubspot app creation 1 testacc" style="width: 70%;">

2. Provide the necessary details, including the app name and description.

### Step 3: Configure the Authentication Flow.

1. Move to the Auth Tab.

   <img src="docs/setup/resources/auth.png" alt="Hubspot app auth tab" style="width: 70%;">

> 2. In the **Scopes** section, add the following scopes for your app using the **"Add new scope"** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the "Scopes" section, add the following scopes for your app using the "Add new scope" button.
```

>    `tickets`
>    `oath`

Reviewer: Let's use bullets here.

```suggestion
   * `tickets`
   * `oath`
```

   <img src="docs/setup/resources/scope_select.png" alt="Scope selection" style="width: 70%;">

> 3. Add your **Redirect URI** in the relevant section. You can use localhost addresses for local development purposes. Then Click **Create App**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add your Redirect URI in the relevant section. You can use `localhost` addresses for local development purposes. Then Click "Create App".
```

   <img src="docs/setup/resources/redirect_url.png" alt="Redirect URI" style="width: 70%;">

### Step 4: Get your Client ID and Client Secret

> - Navigate to the **Auth section** of your app. Make sure to save the provided Client ID and Client Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the "Auth" tab. Make sure to save the provided Client ID and Client Secret.
```

   <img src="docs/setup/resources/credentials.png" alt="Credentials" style="width: 70%;">

### Step 5: Setup Authentication Flow

Before proceeding with the Quickstart, ensure you have obtained the Access Token using the following steps:

1. Create an authorization URL using the following format:

   ```
   https://app.hubspot.com/oauth/authorize?client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&scope=<YOUR_SCOPES>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>
   ```

   Replace the `<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>`, `<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>` and `<YOUR_SCOPES>` with the above obtained values.

2. Paste it in the browser and select your developer test account to intall the app when prompted.

3. A code will be displayed in the browser. Copy that code.

> 
>    ```
>    Received code: na1-129d-860c-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
>    ```

Reviewer: Let's remove this:

```suggestion
```

     --data 'grant_type=authorization_code&code=<CODE>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>&client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>'
     ```

   - Windows

     ```bash
     curl --request POST ^
     --url https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token ^
     --header 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' ^
     --data 'grant_type=authorization_code&code=<CODE>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>&client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>'
     ```

   This command will return the access token necessary for API calls.

   ```json
   {
     "token_type": "bearer",
     "refresh_token": "<Refresh Token>",
     "access_token": "<Access Token>",
     "expires_in": 1800
   }
   ```

5. Store the access token and refresh token securely for use in your application.

## Quickstart

To use the `HubSpot CRM Object Tickets` connector in your Ballerina application, update the `.bal` file as follows:

### Step 1: Import the module

Import the `hubspot.crm.objects.tickets` module and `oauth2` module.

```ballerina
import ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.tickets as hstickets;
import ballerina/oauth2;
```

### Step 2: Instantiate a new connector

> 1. Create a `Config.toml` file and, configure the obtained credentials obtained in the above steps as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `Config.toml` file inside the Ballerina package and add the following configurations with the values retrieved in the earlier steps.
```

   ```toml
    clientId = <Client Id>
    clientSecret = <Client Secret>
    refreshToken = <Refresh Token>
   ```

2. Instantiate a `OAuth2RefreshTokenGrantConfig` with the obtained credentials and initialize the connector with it.

    ```ballerina
   configurable string clientId = ?;
   configurable string clientSecret = ?;
   configurable string refreshToken = ?;

   OAuth2RefreshTokenGrantConfig auth = {
      clientId,
      clientSecret,
      refreshToken,
      credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER 
   };

   ConnectionConfig config = {auth};

>    final Client HubSpotClient = check new Client(config, "https://api.hubapi.com");

Reviewer: We can remove the service URL from all the examples.

```suggestion
   final Client HubSpotClient = check new Client(config);
```

## Overview

> HubSpot is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[HubSpot](https://www.hubspot.com) is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform. 
```

> The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.tickets` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [HubSpot Tickets API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/guides/api/crm/objects/tickets) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot API v3](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.tickets` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [HubSpot Tickets API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/guides/api/crm/objects/tickets) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot REST API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).
```

   ![Redirect URI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets/main/docs/setup/resources/redirect_url.png)

### Step 4: Get your Client ID and Client Secret

- Navigate to the "Auth" tab. Make sure to save the provided Client ID and Client Secret.

   ![Credentials](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.object.tickets/main/docs/setup/resources/credentials.png)

### Step 5: Setup Authentication Flow

Before proceeding with the Quickstart, ensure you have obtained the Access Token using the following steps:

1. Create an authorization URL using the following format:

   ```
   https://app.hubspot.com/oauth/authorize?client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&scope=<YOUR_SCOPES>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>
   ```

   Replace the `<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>`, `<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>` and `<YOUR_SCOPES>` with the above obtained values.

2. Paste it in the browser and select your developer test account to install the app when prompted.

3. A code will be displayed in the browser. Copy that code.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

   }
   ```

5. Store the access token and refresh token securely for use in your application.

## Quickstart

To use the `HubSpot CRM Object Tickets` connector in your Ballerina application, update the `.bal` file as follows:

### Step 1: Import the module

Import the `hubspot.crm.objects.tickets` module and `oauth2` module.

```ballerina
import ballerinax/hubspot.crm.object.tickets as hstickets;
import ballerina/oauth2;
```

### Step 2: Instantiate a new connector

1. Create a `Config.toml` file inside the Ballerina package and add the following configurations with the values retrieved in the earlier steps as follows:

   ```toml
    clientId = <Client Id>
    clientSecret = <Client Secret>
    refreshToken = <Refresh Token>
   ```

2. Instantiate a `OAuth2RefreshTokenGrantConfig` with the obtained credentials and initialize the connector with it.

    ```ballerina
   configurable string clientId = ?;
   configurable string clientSecret = ?;
   configurable string refreshToken = ?;

   OAuth2RefreshTokenGrantConfig auth = {
      clientId,
      clientSecret,
      refreshToken,
      credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER 
   };

   ConnectionConfig config = {auth};

>    final Client HubSpotClient = check new Client(config);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   final Client HubSpotClient = check new ({auth});
```

   ```

Now, utilize the available connector operations. A sample use case is shown below.

#### Create a New Ticket

```ballerina
public function main() returns error? {
    SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate payload = {
        properties: {
            "hs_pipeline": "0",
            "hs_pipeline_stage": "1",
            "hs_ticket_priority": "HIGH",
            "subject": "New troubleshoot report"
        }
    };
    SimplePublicObject response = check HubSpotClient->/crm/v3/objects/tickets.post(payload);

>     io:println(response5);

Reviewer: This seems incorrect. Please check the variable name here.

```suggestion
    io:println(response);
```

>     return;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
